== Overview

With ruby or macruby testunit or minitest, results are damnly tied to output and you can't get result of a test as an object after 
its execution and global tests result as an object too.

This gem permit to do so, and, have result of a unit test as an TestResult object on which you can call methods 
#success? #failures #errors #skips #current ... 
You can be yielded this TestResult object after each test and the global TestResult after all tests.


Note : For now it just work with macruby interpreter and minitest or testunit tests.
It is really easy to evolve it for ruby interpreter.
It will be done soon.

== Installation

  gem install minitest_owrapper
  

== Usage

Suppose : 
- @test_file is the absolute path to your test file.
- load_path is the load path needed for your path (-I option)

Just do :

 result = MinitestOwrapper.run(@test_file, load_path) do |test_result|
   puts test_result.current
 end
 
And, you will get a test_result after each test, ie an object of class Failure, Error, Skip or Success. 

These objects respond to  methods :klass, :method, :line, :message.
 
 The final result will respond to 
  :errors => array of errors
  :failures => array of failures
  :skips => array of skips
  :successes => array of success
  :tests => number of tests
  :duration => duration of the tests
  :assertions => number of assertions

Example of usage in the test file test/test_minitest_owrapper.rb
  
  it 'should run FakeTest and get TestResult object whith  2 failure, 1 error, 1 success, 1 skip ' do
    load_path =  File.expand_path(File.join(File.dirname(__FILE__), '../fixtures'))

    result = MinitestOwrapper.run(@test_file, load_path) do |test_result|
      puts test_result.current
    end

    assert_equal 1, result.errors.count
    assert_equal 2, result.failures.count
    assert_equal 1, result.skips.count
    assert_equal 1, result.successes.count
    
    assert_equal 5, result.tests
    assert_in_delta result.duration, 1, 1
    assert_equal 4, result.assertions
  end


== Dependencies

minitest

== TO-DOs

Adapt to work with ruby interpreter.


== Licence

MIT Licence